_cmd_key_ *=TCmd_Key
add_state=TAdd_State
BArchivable *=TArchivable
BButton &=TButton
BButton *=TButton
BControl &=TControl
BControl *=TControl
BDataIO &=TDataIO
BDataIO *=TDataIO
BHandler **=THandler
BHandler *=THandler
bigtime_t=TBigtime_t
BInvoker &=TInvoker
BInvoker *=TInvoker
BList *=TList
BLooper **=TLooper
BMallocIO &=TMallocIO
BMallocIO *=TMallocIO
BMemoryIO &=TMemoryIO
BMemoryIO *=TMemoryIO
BMenu &=TMenu
BMenu **=TMenu
BMenu *=TMenu
BMenuBar *=TMenuBar
BMenuItem **=TMenuItem
BMenuItem *=TMenuItem
BMenuWindow *=TMenuWindow
BMessage *=TMessage
BMessenger &=TMessenger
BMessenger *=TMessenger
BMessenger=TMessenger
bool *=boolean
bool=boolean
BPoint *=TPoint
BPoint=TPoint
BPositionIO *=TPositionIO
BRect *=TRect
BRect=TRect
BSerialPort *=TSerialPort
BView *=TView
BWindow &=TWindow
BWindow *=TWindow
char *=PChar
color_space=TColor_Space
const BButton &=TButton
const BControl &=TControl
const BDataIO &=TDataIO
const BHandler *=THandler
const BInvoker &=TInvoker
const BLooper *=TLooper
const BMallocIO &=TMallocIO
const BMemoryIO &=TMemoryIO
const BMenu &=TMenu
const BMessage *=TMessage
const BMessenger &=TMessenger
const BWindow *=TWindow
const char **=PChar
const char *=PChar
const void *=Pointer
data_bits=TDatabits
data_rate=TDataRate
drawing_mode=TDrawing_Mode
float *=double
float=double
int *=integer
int32 *=^integer
int32=integer
int=integer
long=integer
menu_info *=PMenu_Info
menu_layout=TMenu_Layout
menu_tracking_hook=TMenu_Tracking_Hook
off_t=Toff_t
parity_mode=TParityMode
perform_code=TPerform_code
port_id=TPort_id
size_t=TSize_t
ssize_t=TSSize_t
status_t *=PStatus_t
status_t=TStatus_t
stop_bits=TStopbits
team_id=TTeam_id
thread_id=TThread_id
uint32=Cardinal
void *=Pointer
void=
window_alignment *=PCardinal
window_alignment=Cardinal
window_feel *=PCardinal
window_feel=Cardinal
window_look *=PCardinal
window_look=PCardinal
window_type=Cardinal
